Reorganization of samples readme (#1505)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: sdk/samples/iot/README.md

    git clone https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c.git
    ```

## Getting Started

> Next you must create and connect a device. You can do this in one of two ways: via Azure IoT Hub or via Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service (DPS). You also must choose how to authenticate the device, either via X.509 Self-Signed Certification or Symmetric Key (SAS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next you must create and connect a device. You can do this in one of two ways: via Azure IoT Hub or via Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service (DPS). You also must choose how to authenticate the device, either via X.509 Self-Signed Certificate Authentication or Symmetric Key (SAS).
```

> ### Create a Device Using X.509 Self-Signed Certification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a Device Using X.509 Self-Signed Certificate Authentication
```

This approach must be used for the following samples: `paho_iot_hub_c2d_sample`, `paho_iot_hub_methods_sample`, `paho_iot_hub_telemetry_sample`, `paho_iot_hub_twin_sample`, `paho_iot_hub_pnp_sample`, `paho_iot_hub_pnp_component_sample`, `paho_iot_provisioning_sample`

1. Generate a certificate

>    As a convenience, we provide a series of commands below for you to create a temporary certificate in order to run the samples. These certificates expire after one day and are provided ONLY to help you easily understand CA Certificates. When productizing against CA Certificates, you will need to use your own security best practices for certificate creation and lifetime management.

Reviewer: My nit: to help customers, I think it might be beneficial to have the default be 30 days? While it would probably be easy for customers to find which parameter to change to make it longer, having the default be only one day could be frustrating if they come back the next day and find their device DOA.

Author: Oh yes, somewhere this came up and one day was not preferred.  Thanks.

>     **WARNING: Certificates created by these commands MUST NOT be used in production-level code on Windows or macOS.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **WARNING: Certificates created by these commands MUST NOT be used in production-level code.**
```
probably want to prevent people thinking "hey cool alright I'll use it on my microcontroller or on Linux"

  - `AZ_IOT_PROVISIONING_SAS_KEY`: Under Individual Enrollments, select your SAS device. Copy its Primary Key.
  - `AZ_IOT_PROVISIONING_ID_SCOPE`: From the Overview tab, copy the Id Scope.

    Linux:

    ```bash
    export AZ_IOT_PROVISIONING_SAS_REGISTRATION_ID=<sas-registration-id>
    export AZ_IOT_PROVISIONING_SAS_KEY=<sas-key>
    export AZ_IOT_PROVISIONING_ID_SCOPE=<id-scope>
    ```

    Windows (PowerShell):

    ```powershell
    $env:AZ_IOT_PROVISIONING_SAS_REGISTRATION_ID='<sas-registration-id>'
    $env:AZ_IOT_PROVISIONING_SAS_KEY='<sas-key>'
    $env:AZ_IOT_PROVISIONING_ID_SCOPE='<id-scope>'
      ```

## Build and Run the Sample

1. Build the Azure SDK for Embedded C directory structure.

    From the root of the SDK directory `azure-sdk-for-c`:

    ```bash
    mkdir build
    cd build
    cmake -DTRANSPORT_PAHO=ON ..
    ```

2. Compile and run the sample.

    Linux:

    ```bash
    cmake --build .
    ./sdk/samples/iot/<sample executable here>
    ```

    Windows (PowerShell):

    ```powershell
    .\az.sln
    ```

    Once the Windows solution opens in Visual Studio:

>     - Navigate on the "Solution Explorer" panel to the sample project you would like to run.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
    - Navigate to the "Solution Explorer" panel and find the sample project you would like to run.
```

    - Right-click on the sample project, then click on "Set as Startup Project". (This makes it the default startup project.)
    - Build and run the project (`F5` on most installations).

> 

Reviewer: will have to shorten these up

Author: i concur
